added login information to the docs and added screenshots (#30)
uab-cgds-worthey/rosalution: README.md

Restart-Service LxssManager*
```

> 

Reviewer: I requested @kuthedk to place this section in the "Getting Started", but I just realized that the deployment part is documented after the "Testing & Static Analysis". 

Would it make more sense @kuthedk @JmScherer @fatimarabab  to move this new section @kuthedk wrote to be within the "Deployment" section and it go after the "Deploying with Docker-Compose" subsection.  The "Deployment" section can be renamed to be "Deploying and Using" or something similar.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest moving it into the "Deployment" section since the login section assumes the user has already locally deployed.

> To log in to the system once locally deployed....

The "Deployment" section can be renamed. How about "Deployment and Usage"?

Reviewer 3: Second 'Deployment and Usage', but good with any naming

Author: I changed it to `Deployment and Usage` as I liked that the best.

> ### Local Development Login

Reviewer: Instead of directly indicating the type of login being done in the header, a more generalized header can better indicate what this section is for.

"Accessing a deployed Rosalution" @JmScherer and @fatimarabab might have some recommendations here.  Am not super confident in mine.

Reviewer 2: I think just "Access" or "Login and Access" should be okay. Since we will be moving it under "Deployment" I don't think we need to state that in this header again.

Author: changes made

> To log in to the system once locally deployed, simply enter a username in the designated field and click the "Login" button.

Reviewer: I aim to avoid using language like 'simply' when writing user documentation.  Using words to describe an action as 'simply' implies that this should be easy for the user which is telling them how to feel about the feature. No one likes to get told how they feel or experience something.  It's a good habit to up with in documentation.

```suggestion
To log in to the system once locally deployed, enter a username in the designated field and click the "Login" button as seen in the figure below.
```

#### Users & user types

> The following table lists the available usernames and their corresponding user types, as well as their associated permissions:

Reviewer: Including documentation of the types of users may cause confusion at this time since the scopes have not been implemented yet.  Lets remove information in this merge request regarding their types and permissions for the time being.  This can get added back in when we implement the scopes for the UI & the UX.

Reviewer 3: Agree with this, without scopes, the user types aren't relevant yet.

Additionally, perhaps it might be useful to point to where these users exist in the code base so they see what is available?

`etc/fixtures/initial-seed/users.json`

Author: changes made

> | Username | Type of User | User Permission Scope |

Reviewer: Since we use 'user01' in the system tests, updating this list to include the user would be helpful.

Author: changes made

|:--------:|:-------------:|:----------------:|
|developer | Developer user| developer |
|researcher | Researcher user| researcher |
|user04 | Pre-clinical-intake user| pre-clinical-intake |
|user07 | Bioinformatics-section user| bioinformatics-section-user |

Please note that the permissions listed in the table are subject to change.

> #### Login screenshots
> 

Reviewer: Can leave the screenshots added in the original section
```suggestion
```

Author: I have removed this subheading in my recent changes.

![Login page](./docs/figures/login.png "Login page")
![User logged in](./docs/figures/logged-in.png "Developer user logged in")

> 

Reviewer: This can either be included in this task or a new one.  Another subsection under this one is perfect for describing how the login screens differ between local and production deployments.  The production deployments of Rosalution strip the streamlined development login and only supports the configured CAS login.  This is a rather important feature & limitation.

Author: I think this would be a good as its own task as right now I am locked out of the VPN to access the UAB network to get the screenshots for this, but I could add the text now for this request.

Reviewer: Sounds good. I will draft another Wrike ticket during standup today.
